all right today we head from cloudy
rainy New York to sunny gorgeous Bermuda
come on board let's go flying
[Music]
what no cookies
one welcome on board we are flying here
from gloomy white plains to sunny
Bermuda now we got good friend Brian
who's I've been doing a lot of flights
of us so walk and walk Brian thank you
and welcome aboard everyone about an
hour and 45 minutes to tonight's Bermuda
all right sue auction is in on my side I
see it's in of your circuit breakers are
good online nothing's plug nothing's
yours
Vijender off the start on a GPU today
everything's put in the box park brake
is set chalks
have been removed or I close that AC is
definitely on we got 28 volts and there
your site your so here we go
[Music]
mission and two
it's interesting it was eight degrees
cooler on Wednesday
60 degrees hotter you know today I was
living
like I was ready to go yeah he was
got me all right there we go do your
check check rights coming on taking the
load left left takes a load now parallel
one two three times it's set I pop up my
side up down down up up down free and
correct flaps look up up and down up up
yeah all right
auditions not needed avionics are set
Westchester 7 has brief 3000 F of 1 6
163 heading 800 feet rate turn 320 we're
stopping at 3000 don't exceed 190 not to
establish on that heading 3000 I see it
both sides tsipras are set a speed to
posted okay just behind the regional jet
been all right we'll do it as he goes
after he goes by 15
grab good-morning citations to Romeo Fox
shot at Rossy Juliet for taxi please
citation to remain Foxtrot was just
around good morning were in my 3/4 back
to the outside motion effects beat go
alright alpha sure to golf go 2 3 4
she wrote me on Foxtrot alright we're
gonna switch up the box because they
just changed the run always clear left
right here we go
let me just switch it while we taxi are
you gonna get happy could sure I'm up I
am outside
choose accept my bleed air on the
windshield here to clear some of the
water away which is doing a good job see
I'll for sure to go are weary loaded it
here thank you
still 3,000 the city run we're heading a
thousand feet level turn to 95 I'll
reset to 95 for the vector which is set
we're coming up on golf here
that's my brakes here testers back to
you alright find a good
- checks later consume your thought
should continue an alpha cross runway
two-niner native kilos on current
alright pick up kilo anyone else looking
across to 9 and 3/4 to open up up should
have a great day good max that's our
good friend up there
I wish the tower all right notable
steering is checked
do you aim when you're ready to push
what's wrong
thank you before takeoff here ice
protections not eat it seats we're good
he breaks her down on my side run down
times 1 2 3 times or set crew briefing
so the wet dates slow here we can still
get back in if we have anything on fire
any severe flight controllers she will
come back land here ILS probably be 1 6
3 4 the mens are a little bit higher if
there is anything that's not a severe
issue but we need to we can't continue
to repeat a let's plan on going to a
Stewart as we always kind of my main
it's their service center I'm just set
dude sounds good I see the Vina have a
3,000 aren't
get everyone welcome on board headed to
Bermuda we are next to go here holding
short runway in three four on alpha and
Tara good morning citation to European
buckshots want two or three for Radian
sequence citation - I'm gonna your
wife has a good morning went to either
at 4:00 when we flew for clear for
takeoff take on three four turn me a
buck shot eat some lights to go edge
instruments are clear no messages clear
left
alright you happy well I think everyone
looks good alright
forty-eight 82 over taking off with 46
past the hour stable
they got powerset achieved two good
engines air speeds building both sides
70 with the check
v1
rotate
positive rate gear up - and ten flaps up
your dampener flight level change climb
power engines coming on
citation total me a boxer left-hand turn
something New York departure one 20.8
have a good flight
22 of a potshot good day picked apart
how you doing citation to Romeo
shot 1700 to 3,000 on the Westchester
drove a 500 parts per to contact climb
maintain 7,000 and turn left heading two
seven zero alright 7,000 and left turn
272 Romeo Foxtrot all right heading
select 7,000 here we go I see some of
those
give me the 406 TURN RIGHT heading two
seven zero right two seven zero there's
a financer here's up flood syrup bottles
or climate switches good
I took a recog traffic departure one to
zero point forward a twenty point four
citation she wrote me a fox you have a
great day
Nick departure good morning citations
European shut 4500 comments 7000
she set D heading addition to Ramona Fox
News are letting one a spill of water
two hundred seven eight all right q9
seven eight
left turn Oh 180 European bunch are
subject the bar chef with 28 festive two
point five for five thousand three pull
the other headache that first punch 2080
or departure radar contact climb and
maintain one five thousand I thought
what five fifteen thousand Southside
usual 180 etiquette yeah I want to go
too far try making a citation to Romeo
shut maintain 8,000 8,000 I see see
that version yeah it's crazy
I'll leave the engines on
wanna go
[Music]
removing a box rather like JFK was the
navigation trick JFK sure be a function
thanks trick Kennedy Nass
[Music]
it is cloudy should be a nice breakout
though it should
I was a betting man thirty five decimal
nine twenty-eight or looking to a 300
departure twenty point 85 today what did
he good buddy of mine he was asked he
wanted to listen offline ATC now it's
time this get back twenty twenty twenty
point four thirty five 923 like he's a
tennis before I can just about ten times
the past month yeah just a few just a
few times this is the main mission of
the CJ three plus this is the main
reason why we upgraded is to be able to
fly line to Romeo factor out the proper
35-point minor today 35 nine she wrote
me in budget circle so it's a beach
built use the lead for the mission on
that you're gonna 13.3 solo 28 three bye
guys york how you doing citation to me
about shutting down drink entity she
will be a punk-rock column a Tier one to
twelve thousand twenty twelve now
Koff house nice 212 so it's great to be
able to use the plane for the mission
and we've done what meeting you've done
what six trips the past six weeks done
from eight trips the past thirty days
it's been it's been really really busy
it's been but it's been good the hours
are racking up its racking up
10,000
what's interesting though is every time
we do they just do something just a
little bit different we never get this
same you know to me which is kind of
interesting cuz there's always some you
know you imagine fat legs or whatever
before - yeah go over to think clear
direct ship from here which is they want
to go
but the hope everyone's been enjoying
the the new plane so far and very
excited to you to share the journey with
everyone it's been and pretty awesome
you know feel super comfortable in the
airplane it's the same avionics really
just some very minor differences with
some systems and obviously have bigger
engines but we're going to climb to
45,000 feet be able to do you know 0.73
it's definitely nice the speed but I
think Brian you probably grew up this
it's pretty much the exact same airplane
is the m2 from a cockpit layout but it's
all the same it is the same type rating
the 525 s so it's I do it the single
pilot endorsement on me on the airplane
these one simulator for both types that
flight safety and the true exactly so I
did a company like ship
thanks during ship to Romeo punch track
now if the ship is in there we go this
is true so I did about a day and a half
differences training where we do
anything from engine fires contact you
know shuttle one to eight point three
today twenty-eight three Jeremy a fox a
great day
the RK dhowan citation to romeo talks at
once you 12,000 redshift like they do to
romeo New York clinical under-17
about 70,000 Jeremy a buckshot 17 cents
of your life will change
so it's who's down in Tampa about a day
and a half their single-engine stuff a
lot of just learning their 1:41 problem
but some minor differences but overall
it was the usual kind of training just
as you do a recurrent training it was
actually very good to kind of stay fresh
it as I just went for my type rating
that long ago was really one felt super
super natural Larry everything was just
one super by the voters standard as they
say SOPs and an operating procedure so
it's good 2774 clear direct the altitude
turn down here done point them for it
studying faraway 4190 written exam and
go ahead for my ATP c5 course left or
right heading can valve on two weeks now
right Morristown and C being barely
proof so it could be doing that just
gonna be yeah gonna be a lot of fun
excited I think we're gonna be doing the
global 6000 simulator is where we do
some of our same time so gonna get that
done do the written exam shortly after
that and then straight back into that
recurrence with the citation I'll be
getting the Air Transport Pilot
multi-engine training added on top of my
license as I do have a commercial
license now we have an Air Transport
Pilot license so excited for that keep
the ratings going here to learn or cut
that walk better one three frequently to
become a better pilot so it's three one
setting times ahead for sure 1 3 3 1 2 1
3 3 1 2 don't want to go
I got nothing on my wing still clean
over here - still war can't believe it's
six degrees up here and said yeah that's
crazy this time of year if they don't
feel I'm gonna go with the old Cummins
been in to get food so on the way to
pick up citation dad and then we'll be
flying battered your plate or tonight or
clearing customs in Newark and then our
good friends at Morristown ops told us
that hey we've their customs their which
we didn't think we could so we've been
now going to bars down quite a bit
clearing customs there and then
repositioning back to back to White
Plains until we land after midnight we
White Plains customs is closed
unfortunately so so we've been doing
it's been actually really really good
been pretty easy there 141 Papa condom
in our home in our vibe room recently
primate but they weren't real enough
that definitely shadow me oh feet
direct dumper crime to pedal one Niner
zero alright turn dumper and up to the
white level one 900 me a bunch done have
19 see every time is different Brian
every turn every time
18 standard standards we're now back to
the breakout Brian it's gonna be there
it's gonna come eventually get you Romeo
I mean paying photobook Niner zero that
means eight to nine zeros they think you
owe me a bunch of names
curious what the tops of this stuff is
it said on the occult world fuel we
report 41 so the one cool thing about
Bermuda which is which is kind of unique
is the oceanic basically means go off
VHF to high frequency HF we your
recording points different frequencies
HF frequency cell call waiting you'll
open up the window here del put 25
everyone clapping to fight a little TV
3-0 a week's come on oh here you go
Brian as promised
alright weakens our on I'm gonna put the
tail in here for a second
and it's all coming off
yeah drop t1 from nine to minus one
pretty quickly - yeah / - Romeo 5
contact New York Senate 1 3 3 + 33 5
charvaka Thea
your good morning sweetie here at lea
function 21:5 dominant you now know that
they should - Romeo Foshan here shut a
good afternoon
- mr. Claude turkey King requested I'll
be there and your mom you gotta give us
one second Russia all right he wants the
usual King so right now so right now
it's show it on our flight plan
how far is dumper from King
here I think if we go and change it over
to
oh yeah
all right so
or a hundred thirty hundred and eighty
nine miles from king look at eighty six
months soon now one 186 have a good
showing
17:29 who thought you agree yeah that's
what it shows and I think we 29 our
topic Lyme is a tweet dumper Niles yes
so it will speed up a little bit ago I
think
27 so we could always we can always
change it if it's if we give her an
estimate and it's more than three
minutes the short set it alongside we
have to let them know but we're gonna
say 27 and New York vacation I'll be
rubbing up on shut s meeting King 1:7
and q7 Jews I can put for 500 on request
phone 7/3 come on the two women
function trot rather that climb maintain
4 5 0 means a month point seven three
and cruise all right Thank You cycle I
maintain quite level for 507 3 and
cruise European Foxtrot 45 that's good
so there's our first so he's gonna been
relay that to oceanic which is going to
be a New York radio and then switching
us to HF radio which is kind of cool but
we are on our way
one of the main reasons why we did
upgrade to the CJ 3 plus from the m2 was
you would think okay the m2 can be able
to go it can do W go no problem from you
know white claims for betta butta
morning problem was the can't go get to
be beautiful but you can't get back so
what say you on approach the aircraft in
front of you had an issue on the runway
or the weather was it suddenly dropped
you wouldn't have enough fuel to feel
anything we'll get back to your opening
which would be either and tuck it or
Norfolk Virginia so the reason the CJ
3+4 you were able to do it is because we
carried a fuel now be able to fly
automated Bermuda all the way back my
Airport was IFR we could have enough
fuel to still flatter or alternate well
shoot the approach go around flatter or
holton it plus 45 minutes after that and
it's a dramatically larger fuel tank CJ
three-plus carried forty seven hundred
and ten pounds of jet a compared to the
m2 which is right around thirty three
hundred thirty to ninety six to be exact
so pretty much burning the same amount
of fuel at 45,000 feet the m2 is at 41
so same thing so it's uh and that's
really the main reason why the m2 could
do it why this is really my dad's main
mission and why we got the my are we
upgraded so but it's really a fuel
eating bigger fuel tanks
I think all the ice is gone now Brian
that's good
hope that explanation kind of helped
[Music]
all right so we'll talk to everyone here
a little bit now it's going to get
boring
[Music]
all right everyone we are just begun our
initial ascent now into into better
Primula sunny Bermuda which is nice just
gonna need us here who migrated blonde
York Center we're also oceanic now and
I'm thinking are making our approach to
community sees told us to expect the ILS
Zulu red wine freezer which is a
beautiful approach kind of this right
and of our key turn around the island so
I'm excited to show you that and again
we're on our descent dipper view the
stem check this up here which is what we
use so send checklist is here so we're
gonna look at so descent windshield II
fog is on this it is Bermuda and it's
the air is really really saturate it's
the pep dew point spreads really close
together a lot of salt the sort of a
humidity in the air in the atmosphere a
little bit like South Florida I'm gonna
put the winch toe bleeds on let's open
up
pressurization is set for Bermuda
senators are not yet so it's gonna be us
here out in 4 1 3 km/h 1 0 2 1 hp a
runway report runway 3 0 Mike Weir and
right there at Reich we like that line
and of information hotel Hotel
Eliade International Airport Addie's
information hotel time one seven five
five expect all instrument approaches
runway three zero when 2 or 0 degrees
one two not visibility one zero
kilometers or clouds scattered 3,400
feet scattered 3-0 thousand feed
temperature two zero one three one and
your extender citation terribly
unfortunate we do have a this hotel all
right it's run the moment one RNAV
arrival today so we're planning the
three zero transition so we're right now
direct moment and it's gonna be a left
turn direct Kapil and then a bit V where
will join the approach that's what they
do every time when they do wrecked my
three zeros we're planning on longer the
eyeless you with me and Brian ready
briefed it but it is the ILS you lou 3-0
won't take it for bid feet and then 50
hundred feet till we get off the
approach will be localized slope
establish once we are over Kaiba answer
to 54 which we won't eat today but we do
have the bugged one to two times and
we're coming down the hill
landing data
every three sir we're at 12,000 pound
airplane landed that's 700 or so below
on max landing weight okay if you want
to call this festive revealer do you
want to pirate be afraid here is 10.2
thought they throw romeo Papa right if
they were terminated you kind of see
video feed or left that it de Vaca 39
way to clear with terminating all right
35 and ashes off pounders good 114 104
we have 900 available talk about it ILS
Zulu 3-0 you know when we're parking is
like to be a right turn off do they want
to ever go out live in April 4 so hotel
it they're leaving fpou avionics er sets
chill transfers off terminated I tickets
no passengers through belt stop off
you're on in 3 9 cottages or no no I'll
make sure at 0.5 or less can I touch
down before letting to go sounds good
so what the cool thing down here is I
get to split the views so it's always
good going into an airport this much
situational awareness as possible stuff
and I go ahead and put the approach so
we can see what we are doing even after
we've briefed it always good just to
have a backup and then centered do you
remember just once double-check our
discretion to 5000 to 1918 omnipotence
and Jeremy if I just went double check
5000 on our discretion and then 88 on
the health tip they're coming three zero
one five we don't want to buy it all
right thanks 15 nice - Romeo fast trust
fifty either above 3000 with the hours
we will run like three zero press all
right it'd be at about 3000 fill the
island Zulu runway Green Arrow's
vacation Charlotte buckshot at 30 50 on
the meter thing sir 9 1 9 November at
the unites a Riviera both real in the
approach 3004 get rid of them do you
think the papal here
that's not right through there we got
another guy by this I think I see the
airport kind of through the clouds
yeah I got it too
but they take the copy of the gin deck
when we were here the other day
no they made us they print it out at the
FBO and they sign because they have
notes for all us you which much sure why
they changed it through year do polish
yes 2020 and some future videos it was
pretty cool me or Brian we went out to
see citation grandpa and that was a
pretty that was a pretty awesome trip
it's a really cool approach is Senator
swirly cool weather we it's a great rate
gentle vol.3 for us yeah yeah we did San
Diego back to White Plains and still
landed with an hour plus our 15 fuel
which was amazing
did White Plains Denver I mean it was
just showing the range on this thing was
pretty awesome
good afternoon video they come on
proving that approaches here you taking
it yeah that was cool three one two
three they decide to reduce other Dana
or till one day we got a telephone
number are you thank you 61 thinking
there's some court for expect eratic on
say your mouth stop
iris so 3 a 0 sure thing
we'll send the 42 and if service
terminated return to sleep the DLC
freaky things approved you know Eddie
token it needs to be does he have a good
day
want to go it'd be a turbo 350 approach
like at 1500
they're 9 1 9 November ecto clearing 52
Sun power position maintain 5,000 Judy
tutti-frutti
that's all right all right 3 0 1 5 5
she's got a 5,000 ever final another
thing
- Romeo flashback contacted me as our
18.4 unit 18 one citation you owe me a
buck Chevalier wanna go we're getting
arrogant afternoon citation the number
chirping up hotshot island freezer no
helmet Romeo five seven three zero
continue approach surface than 260
degrees one three not can you for doing
3d recitation continuing
Oh steals coming in no feel free to week
departure one three 12:05 if I've got a
top prickly
speed checks blow juggernauts upset
I think if we're coming a social media
guy I love it anyway this book gets two
grand pictures ready to go see I've
changed you're rubbing off on my ass
it is pretty it is beautiful
why'd slogan
we greet no red
go one 61 laps 35 let's see the three
cream
all right before landing landing gears
down three green flaps 35 speed brakes
hurt down both sides their speeds coming
back what about your hampering to go
just coming away now no pilot autopilot
Froylan checks are complete we're just
waiting on landing clearance and ever
show me a bunch got the winning winner
number two a meal for a 23-0 plane to
land surface when 260 degrees one trade
off Verlander
no woman I know for zero additional
traffic requires another one we had in
here about three to zero
Rajan and put there will be looking like
ever is that was that King here right Oh
was it really anything so
if you could call it that
five hundred trucks
at weight set the ship a little bit one
have a touch more to the wind
minimum minimum
+5 Roger
bird below
speed brakes Ralph claps is deployed
edits our hellos from our Canada's on
i-43 holding short breather already
taken enough for three remember to
reinforce replicate remove a attacks we
echo way to an alpha can't our ground
one to four decimal five echo alpha
24:55 European Conchetta Thea
ground good afternoon vacation - Romeo
Sasha let's go right on alpha for Seoul
aviation remember - oh short round
that's the Alpha Hotel apron for alpha
Hotel eat Britain for you have a great
day thank you thing to improve thank you
very much all right we're rockin and
rollin fix everyone a welcome to Bermuda
it enjoy our video please hit that
subscribe button greatly appreciate it
and we will see everyone on the next
video wish everyone mini tailwind and
safeline see you
[Music]